examples/README.md, before:

# Examples

This directory contains a series of self-contained examples that you can use as
starting points for your setup, or as snippets to pull into your existing
projects:

| Example                                        | Description                                                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Hello NVDA](./hello-nvda)                     | A basic example demonstrating control of NVDA.                                                               |
| [Hello Voiceover](./hello-voiceover)           | A basic example demonstrating control of VoiceOver to interact with Safari.                                  |
| [Playwright NVDA](./playwright-nvda)           | An example demonstrating using Guidepup for NVDA automation with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/).      |
| [Playwright Voiceover](./playwright-voiceover) | An example demonstrating using Guidepup for VoiceOver automation with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/). |
| [CircleCI VoiceOver](./circleci-nvda)          | An example CircleCI configuration file to use for VoiceOver testing with Guidepup.                           |

Commit message:

ci: Run VoiceOver in GH actions (#12)

examples/README.md, after:

# Examples

This directory contains a series of self-contained examples that you can use as
starting points for your setup, or as snippets to pull into your existing
projects:

| Example                                                | Description                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Hello NVDA](./hello-nvda)                             | A basic example demonstrating control of NVDA.                                                               |
| [Hello Voiceover](./hello-voiceover)                   | A basic example demonstrating control of VoiceOver to interact with Safari.                                  |
| [Playwright NVDA](./playwright-nvda)                   | An example demonstrating using Guidepup for NVDA automation with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/).      |
| [Playwright Voiceover](./playwright-voiceover)         | An example demonstrating using Guidepup for VoiceOver automation with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/). |
| [GitHub Actions VoiceOver](./github-actions-voiceover) | An example GitHub Actions workflow file to use for VoiceOver testing with Guidepup.                          |
| [CircleCI VoiceOver](./circleci-voiceover)             | An example CircleCI configuration file to use for VoiceOver testing with Guidepup.                           |
